all right welcome everybody to episode 5
of our series in Egypt we just want to
do a quick announcement we're still
airing project 30 which is 30 things
we've never done before in 30 days that
we shot in the Caribbean last year in
our Instagram stories the stories are up
for 24 hours and then they're gone
forever it's a little bit of an
experiment on our end we had these
videos we shut for snapchat is vertical
plus five of them a week Monday to
Friday and after that they're gone
forever so go check us out on instagram
at es theory and we're looking forward
to seeing you there with three more
weeks of these videos going up so
definitely worth your time see you on
Instagram and enjoy the video
all right here's the deal the city of
Sahaj cheese flew us and two of Egypt's
most up-and-coming influencers and
actresses Salma and Nour out to come
explore their paradise now interestingly
earlier that day nor told us she had a
crippling fear of being in open water so
since we had planned to go scuba diving
we thought that would be a good time to
see if we can help her power through her
mental block and overcome her fear but
the twist is she has no idea we've got
this plan for her
[Music]
we are currently on a boat about to go
do somebody finest scuba diving in the
world
I've scuba dive before I actually kind
of have across the world and Egypt was
the number one place I want to go scuba
diving it's actually looking probably
the way I want to figure out a way to
make a joke about the water being
possibly how can we make it funny
[Music]
[Applause]
hopefully I remember how to do it ready
for looking super hot montage
[Music]
playing hard to get the strap up guys
backwards
Gyptian - it's way different Thomas
what color is the water Britt the blue
the plan is I died with my and it's
always on backwards all right ideas come
back a bite I don't want you meeting any
permits their hand has appeared over
waters try to convince her to do the
dive with us what do you have here like
this it's always just because you've
never tried it and you don't know much
about it and once you just expose
yourself to the very thing that scares
you just becomes a lot easier and my bet
is that you'll come out of the water
thinking how the hell did I live in
Egypt that I've only done this yeah
white white nose white tip seen every
other except the future
I've seen two types of Pokemon nobody
made it sound like those are the only
turkey heavens no no I haven't seen it
these are size I have ever seen these
are types of charts why is that where
that weird is that weird for you I
haven't seen it
like two hours too
like this was a decision a big decision
for but I'm really happy she got to do
it
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah
[Music]
you